README.md, before:

# Create Alchemy SQL BE

## Getting started
1. Clone your repo down and run `npm i` to install dependencies.
1. Change all the files in the `data` directory to match the data model of your app. (If you skip this step, you will end up with bessie, jumpy, and spot at `GET /animals`.)
1. Run `heroku create`
1. Run `npm run setup-heroku` to create a heroku SQL database in the cloud to go with your heroku app.
1. Run `heroku config:get DATABASE_URL` to get your heroku sql database url from the cloud.
1. Put the database URL in your .env file, under `DATABASE_URL`. (Don't forget to changge the file name from `.env-example` to `.env`!)
1. Run `npm run setup-db`
1. Run `npm run start:watch` to start the dev server
1. Routes are in `lib/app.js`, not in `server.js`. This is so our tests will not launch a server every time.

## HARD MODE: Override default queries

```js
// OPTIONALLY pass in new queries to override defaults

const authRoutes = createAuthRoutes({
    selectUser(email) {
        return client.query(`
            SELECT id, email, hash
            FROM users
            WHERE email = $1;
        `,
        [email]
        ).then(result => result.rows[0]);
    },
    insertUser(user, hash) {
        console.log(user);
        return client.query(`
            INSERT into users (email, hash)
            VALUES ($1, $2)
            RETURNING id, email;
        `,
        [user.email, hash]
        ).then(result => result.rows[0]);
    }
});
```

Commit message:

adds documentation to readme, removes console logs, adds comments to app.js

README.md, after:

# AstroLocus--front-end

## Developers
- DJ Drakos
- Sofia Tejada
- Kubisiak
- Isaac Ewing
- Ben Francka

## Description
*AstroLocus is a companion app for amateur astronomers to investigate Dark Sky Objects, keep track of objects they want to find in the future, and write logs and upload pictures of their finds. The app includes sky conditions based on the users location to help the user know when conditions are best for star gazing.*

# Below is the documentation for the alchemy SQL template


# Create Alchemy SQL BE

## Getting started
1. Clone your repo down and run `npm i` to install dependencies.
1. Change all the files in the `data` directory to match the data model of your app. (If you skip this step, you will end up with bessie, jumpy, and spot at `GET /animals`.)
1. Run `heroku create`
1. Run `npm run setup-heroku` to create a heroku SQL database in the cloud to go with your heroku app.
1. Run `heroku config:get DATABASE_URL` to get your heroku sql database url from the cloud.
1. Put the database URL in your .env file, under `DATABASE_URL`. (Don't forget to changge the file name from `.env-example` to `.env`!)
1. Run `npm run setup-db`
1. Run `npm run start:watch` to start the dev server
1. Routes are in `lib/app.js`, not in `server.js`. This is so our tests will not launch a server every time.

## HARD MODE: Override default queries

```js
// OPTIONALLY pass in new queries to override defaults

const authRoutes = createAuthRoutes({
    selectUser(email) {
        return client.query(`
            SELECT id, email, hash
            FROM users
            WHERE email = $1;
        `,
        [email]
        ).then(result => result.rows[0]);
    },
    insertUser(user, hash) {
        console.log(user);
        return client.query(`
            INSERT into users (email, hash)
            VALUES ($1, $2)
            RETURNING id, email;
        `,
        [user.email, hash]
        ).then(result => result.rows[0]);
    }
});
```
